So, guys, going forward and let me summarize that, what we have done so far, so, so far, we have
created a very mini library which contains a header file and a source file.
And we have an application tazi file which wishes to organize its internal data structures using the.
So because application dot c file wishes to make use of lists, utility, the functions and definition
of doubly linked list needs to be exposed to application doxie source file.
And therefore it is for this reason that application darsey file needs to include the URL as file.
Right now, after that, we compiled the source files, so here after compiling that file, we got the
object file, little dot o, and after compiling the application doxy file, we obtained application
dot o.
So remember, object files are not human readable file, they actually contains the source code in the
machine instruction form, which you cannot read.
So once you have all the object files for all the source files you have in your project, we then combine
all the object files together to create a final executable.
So remember, final executable is created using all the object files that you have in your project.
But one thing need I mention here is that that is exactly one of the object file must be derived from
the source file, which contains the main function.
So in this case, it is application dot seesaws file, which contains the main function because execution
of our C program starts from mean and therefore to create an executable, it is a requirement that one
of the source file must contain main function.
And we have used the DCC compiler, which is Linux, the standard C compiler, to compile our source
file, as well as to link our object files together to create a final executable.
So the command to compile the source file is this and the command to link all the object files together
to create a final executable.
Is this command we will discuss in more detail in one of our future modules that exactly what happens
when you combine the program and exactly what happens when you link the object files together to create
a final executable.